Clarify BCE and eraYear usage for Gregorian calendar in Temporal docs (#39973)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/temporal/index.md

In `Temporal`, every date under one calendar system is uniquely identified by three components: `year`, `month`, and `day`. While `year` is typically a positive integer, it may also be zero or negative, and increases monotonically with time. The year `1` (or `0`, if it exists) is known as the calendar epoch, and is arbitrary for each calendar. `month` is a positive integer that increments by 1 every time, starting at `1` and ending at `date.monthsInYear`, then resetting back to `1` as the year advances. `day` is also a positive integer, but it may not start at 1 or increment by 1 every time, because political changes may cause days to be skipped or repeated. But in general, `day` monotonically increases and resets as the month advances.

> In addition to `year`, a year can also be uniquely identified by the combination of `era` and `eraYear`, for calendars that use eras. For example, the Gregorian calendar uses the era "CE" (Common Era) and "BCE" (Before Common Era), and the year `-1` is the same as `{ era: "bce", eraYear: 2 }` (note that year `0` always exists for all calendars; for the Gregorian calendar, [astronomical year numbering](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astronomical_year_numbering) is used). `era` is a lowercase string, and `eraYear` is an arbitrary integer that may be zero or negative, or even decrease with time (usually for the oldest era).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to `year`, a year can also be uniquely identified by the combination of `era` and `eraYear`, for calendars that use eras. For example, the Gregorian calendar uses the era "CE" (Common Era) and "BCE" (Before Common Era), and the year `-1` is the same as `{ era: "bce", eraYear: 2 }` (note that year `0` always exists for all calendars; for the Gregorian calendar, it corresponds to 1 BCE due to [astronomical year numbering](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astronomical_year_numbering)). `era` is a lowercase string, and `eraYear` is an arbitrary integer that may be zero or negative, or even decrease with time (usually for the oldest era).
```
